# Disguised Heterogeneous Face Generation with Iterative-adversarial Style Unification
Heterogeneous face recognition (HFR), which refers to matching face images in different modalities, is essential to public safety. Although HFR has made promising progress in recent years, disguised faces in HFR still remain a big challenge for the following reasons. Firstly, most existing HFR methods focus on traditional scenarios without disguised accessories, and the performance degrades when dealing with disguised faces directly. Secondly, there is a need for disguised heterogeneous face datasets, which is essential for developing the related research community. Thirdly, colorful accessories are distinct from heterogeneous face images in modality, and their direct combination results in style inconsistency and poor quality. Therefore, we propose a disguised heterogeneous face generation method based on an iterative-adversarial style unification framework. Our approach aims to gradually learn from frame textures to detail textures in multiple iterations of confrontation, resulting in the style unification of disguised accessories and heterogeneous faces. We also construct a disguised heterogeneous face dataset, which contains disguised NIR-VIS subset and disguised sketch-photo subset. Moreover, we provide benchmark evaluations on our proposed dataset with face recognition and image quality assessment, demonstrating the superiority of our method when compared to direct addition and two representative disguised face generation techniques. Our code and dataset will be released online for future HFR research.
